honeybot/plugins_info.md, before:

# age.py
by Justin Walker\
Given birthday it returns your age.
\
<code>.age \<\<day>> \<\<month>> \<\<year>></code>

# bitcoin.py
by Gabriele Ron, [Website](https://Macr0Nerd.github.io)\
Checks the current price for Bitcoin through the Legacy Coin Market Cap API
\
<code>.btc</code>

# caesar_cipher.py
by Kyle Galloway\
encrypts and decrypts using a caesar cipher
\
<code>.caesar_cipher \<message></code>

# calc.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
evaluates maths expressions in the format supported by py
\
<code>.calc \<maths expression></code>

# channeljoin.py
by Marcelo Benesciutti\
Bot Will join a given channel in the server
\
<code>.channeljoin channel</code>

# converter.py
by Angelo Giacco\
Gets the top 10 headlines around the world from bbc world news
\
<code>.convert \<\<base currency code>> \<\<target currency code>> \<\<amount>></code>

# conv_sniff.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
senses conversation topic with sensitivity set by user, also supports
\

# date.py
by Gico Carlo Evangelista, https://gicocarlo.me/\
Will post the current date
\
<code>.date today</code>

# debug.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
prints all parameters passed to bot
\
<code>.debug</code>

# dictionary.py
by Nishant, JPMorgan Chase & Co.\
sends the meaning of the word
\
<code>.dictionary \<\<word>></code>

# fact.py
by Justin Walker\
Returns a random fact.
\
<code>.fact</code>

# google.py
by Justin Walker\
Returns the first three links from a google search.
\
<code>.google \<\<search term>></code>

# greet.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
responds to .hi, demo of a basic plugin
\
<code>.hi</code>

# hangman.py
by Justin Walker\
Plays game of hangman
\
<code>.hangman start</code>

# help.py
by Eduardo Moraes de Mello, https://github.com/edumello\
Show link with all the functionalities of the bot.
\
<code>.help</code>

# horoscope.py
by Angelo Giacco\
Returns your daily horoscope based on your star sign
\
<code>.horoscope \<\<starsign>></code>

# installed_modules.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
checks if all listed in requirements.txt installed
\
<code>.installed</code>

# joins.py
by Gico Carlo Evangelista, https://gicocarlo.me/\
Greets everyone who joins the channel
\

# joke.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
sends a random joke on request
\
<code>.joke</code>

# log.py
by Gico Carlo Evangelista, https://gicocarlo.me/\
Logs the chat into a log.txt file
\

# mail.py
by Tanner Fry\
Will allow the user to send an email while in the chat
\
<code>.mail \<To email address> .body \<Text for the body of your email> .subject \<Text of subject for email></code>

# maths.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
some maths related commands
\
<code>.sin \<number></code>

# memo.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
responds to .memo, demo of a basic memory plugin
\
<code>.memo add \<key> \<value></code>

# monopoly.py
by Angelo Giacco\
Play monopoly
\
<code>>>>.monopoly create</code>

# news.py
by Angelo Giacco\
Gets the top 10 headlines around the world from bbc world news
\
<code>.news</code>

# password_generator.py
by Nishant, JPMorgan Chase & Co.\
sends different type of passwords
\
<code>.passgen \<\<length>></code>

# quote.py
by German Corpaz\
Sends a random quote on request
\
<code>.quote</code>

# riddle.py
by Angelo Giacco\
Returns a riddle or whether guess at the answer was correct or not.
\
<code>.riddle</code>

# roll.py
by Glenn Toms\
Will roll dice in the form of 1d4, 10d6 and return total.
\
<code>.roll \<\<dice>></code>

# russian_roulette.py
by Angelo Giacco\
In the original russian roulette, you have a one sixth chance of committing
\
<code>.russian_roulette</code>

# selfTrivia.py
by Angel Jimenez\
Returns a private trivia question
\
<code>.selfTrivia</code>

# send_message.py
by Justin Walker\
Sends a message to another channel.
\
<code>.send #channel .u riceabove .m how are you?</code>

# test.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
tests run
\

# translate.py
by Ahmed Deeb\
A Google Translate plugin
\
<code>. Google Translator object.</code>

# username.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
generates random usernames, used for inspiration
\
<code>.uname</code>

# weather.py
by Gabriele Ron\
A plugin to get the weather of a location
\
<code>.weather \<city> \<country code></code>

# wikipedia.py
by Gabriele Ron, [Website](https://Macr0Nerd.github.io)\
sends a wikipedia article on request based off of a search or random query
\
<code>.wiki \<command> \<topic></code>

Commit message:

added uptime plugin (#143)
just the test we'll have to see else great!

honeybot/plugins_info.md, after:

# age.py
by Justin Walker\
Given birthday it returns your age.
\
<code>.age \<\<day>> \<\<month>> \<\<year>></code>

# bitcoin.py
by Gabriele Ron, [Website](https://Macr0Nerd.github.io)\
Checks the current price for Bitcoin through the Legacy Coin Market Cap API
\
<code>.btc</code>

# caesar_cipher.py
by Kyle Galloway\
encrypts and decrypts using a caesar cipher
\
<code>.caesar_cipher \<message></code>

# calc.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
evaluates maths expressions in the format supported by py
\
<code>.calc \<maths expression></code>

# channeljoin.py
by Marcelo Benesciutti\
Bot Will join a given channel in the server
\
<code>.channeljoin channel</code>

# converter.py
by Angelo Giacco\
Gets the top 10 headlines around the world from bbc world news
\
<code>.convert \<\<base currency code>> \<\<target currency code>> \<\<amount>></code>

# conv_sniff.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
senses conversation topic with sensitivity set by user, also supports
\

# date.py
by Gico Carlo Evangelista, https://gicocarlo.me/\
Will post the current date
\
<code>.date today</code>

# debug.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
prints all parameters passed to bot
\
<code>.debug</code>

# dictionary.py
by Nishant, JPMorgan Chase & Co.\
sends the meaning of the word
\
<code>.dictionary \<\<word>></code>

# fact.py
by Justin Walker\
Returns a random fact.
\
<code>.fact</code>

# google.py
by Justin Walker\
Returns the first three links from a google search.
\
<code>.google \<\<search term>></code>

# greet.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
responds to .hi, demo of a basic plugin
\
<code>.hi</code>

# hangman.py
by Justin Walker\
Plays game of hangman
\
<code>.hangman start</code>

# help.py
by Eduardo Moraes de Mello, https://github.com/edumello\
Show link with all the functionalities of the bot.
\
<code>.help</code>

# horoscope.py
by Angelo Giacco\
Returns your daily horoscope based on your star sign
\
<code>.horoscope \<\<starsign>></code>

# installed_modules.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
checks if all listed in requirements.txt installed
\
<code>.installed</code>

# joins.py
by Gico Carlo Evangelista, https://gicocarlo.me/\
Greets everyone who joins the channel
\

# joke.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
sends a random joke on request
\
<code>.joke</code>

# log.py
by Gico Carlo Evangelista, https://gicocarlo.me/\
Logs the chat into a log.txt file
\

# mail.py
by Tanner Fry\
Will allow the user to send an email while in the chat
\
<code>.mail \<To email address> .body \<Text for the body of your email> .subject \<Text of subject for email></code>

# maths.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
some maths related commands
\
<code>.sin \<number></code>

# memo.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
responds to .memo, demo of a basic memory plugin
\
<code>.memo add \<key> \<value></code>

# monopoly.py
by Angelo Giacco\
Play monopoly
\
<code>>>>.monopoly create</code>

# news.py
by Angelo Giacco\
Gets the top 10 headlines around the world from bbc world news
\
<code>.news</code>

# password_generator.py
by Nishant, JPMorgan Chase & Co.\
sends different type of passwords
\
<code>.passgen \<\<length>></code>

# quote.py
by German Corpaz\
Sends a random quote on request
\
<code>.quote</code>

# riddle.py
by Angelo Giacco\
Returns a riddle or whether guess at the answer was correct or not.
\
<code>.riddle</code>

# roll.py
by Glenn Toms\
Will roll dice in the form of 1d4, 10d6 and return total.
\
<code>.roll \<\<dice>></code>

# russian_roulette.py
by Angelo Giacco\
In the original russian roulette, you have a one sixth chance of committing
\
<code>.russian_roulette</code>

# selfTrivia.py
by Angel Jimenez\
Returns a private trivia question
\
<code>.selfTrivia</code>

# send_message.py
by Justin Walker\
Sends a message to another channel.
\
<code>.send #channel .u riceabove .m how are you?</code>

# test.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
tests run
\

# translate.py
by Ahmed Deeb\
A Google Translate plugin
\
<code>. Google Translator object.</code>

# uptime.py
by Nick Wiley, [Website](https://github.com/nickw409)
A plugin to get the current uptime of the bot
<code>.uptime</code>

# username.py
by Abdur-Rahmaan Janhangeer, pythonmembers.club\
generates random usernames, used for inspiration
\
<code>.uname</code>

# weather.py
by Gabriele Ron\
A plugin to get the weather of a location
\
<code>.weather \<city> \<country code></code>

# wikipedia.py
by Gabriele Ron, [Website](https://Macr0Nerd.github.io)\
sends a wikipedia article on request based off of a search or random query
\
<code>.wiki \<command> \<topic></code>
